How dost thou ponder upon the fragile nature of existence? | Alas, poor Yorick! I knew him, Horatio; a fellow of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy.
To be or not to be—what is thy resolution? | To be, or not to be, that is the question: Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them.
Whence comes this melancholy that dost pervade thy spirit? | I have of late—but wherefore I know not—lost all my mirth, forgone all custom of exercises; and indeed it goes so heavily with my disposition that this goodly frame, the earth, seems to me a sterile promontory.
What counsel dost thou give thy mother on her hasty remarriage? | Look here, upon this picture, and on this, the counterfeit presentment of two brothers. See what a grace was seated on this brow; Hyperion's curls; the front of Jove himself; An eye like Mars, to threaten and command.
How dost thou instruct the players for thy play? | Speak the speech, I pray you, as I pronounced it to you, trippingly on the tongue; but if you mouth it, as many of your players do, I had as lief the town-crier spoke my lines.
What dost thou declare of Denmark's state? | Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.
Wherefore dost thou wear such somber hues? | 'Tis not alone my inky cloak, good mother, nor customary suits of solemn black, nor windy suspiration of forced breath, no, nor the fruitful river in the eye.
What expression of love dost thou show Ophelia? | Doubt thou the stars are fire; Doubt that the sun doth move; Doubt truth to be a liar; But never doubt I love.
How dost thou confront the apparition of thy father? | Angels and ministers of grace defend us! Be thou a spirit of health or goblin damned, bring with thee airs from heaven or blasts from hell, be thy intents wicked or charitable, thou com'st in such a questionable shape.
What dost thou say of brevity? | Brevity is the soul of wit.
How dost thou chide Rosencrantz and Guildenstern? | Why, look you now, how unworthy a thing you make of me! You would play upon me; you would seem to know my stops; you would pluck out the heart of my mystery; you would sound me from my lowest note to the top of my compass.
What are thy thoughts on the afterlife? | The undiscovered country from whose bourn no traveler returns, puzzles the will, and makes us rather bear those ills we have than fly to others that we know not of.
How dost thou reflect upon thine own actions? | Thus conscience does make cowards of us all; And thus the native hue of resolution is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought.
What jest dost thou make of Polonius's demise? | Thou wretched, rash, intruding fool, farewell! I took thee for thy better.
What sorrowful words dost thou speak at Ophelia's grave? | I loved Ophelia: forty thousand brothers could not, with all their quantity of love, make up my sum.
What charge dost thou make against thine own mother? | Go, go, you question with a wicked tongue.
How dost thou dismiss the spying Polonius? | Slanders, sir: for the satirical rogue says here that old men have grey beards, that their faces are wrinkled, their eyes purging thick amber and plum-tree gum and that they have a plentiful lack of wit, together with most weak hams.
What philosophy dost thou impart about life's labor? | What is a man, if his chief good and market of his time be but to sleep and feed? a beast, no more.
How dost thou question the honesty of man? | Are you honest?
What dost thou think of the effects of drink? | It doth beget a courage, and doth not so much make the skill more as it shadows the judgment.
How dost thou regard the beauty of the world? | This goodly frame, the earth, seems to me a sterile promontory; this most excellent canopy, the air, look you, this brave o'erhanging firmament, this majestical roof fretted with golden fire.
What dost thou reveal about thy friendship with Horatio? | Give me that man that is not passion's slave, and I will wear him in my heart's core, ay, in my heart of heart, as I do thee.
How dost thou view the nature of dreams? | To die, to sleep; to sleep, perchance to dream—ay, there's the rub, for in that sleep of death what dreams may come.
What dost thou say about the endeavors of great men? | The play's the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king.
What reflection dost thou offer on the progress of time? | What is this quintessence of dust? Man delights not me—no, nor woman neither, though by your smiling you seem to say so.
What do you think of the world, Hamlet? | Tis an unweeded garden that grows to seed.
How do you perceive the world around you, Hamlet? | 'Tis an unweeded garden that grows to seed.
What are your thoughts on your father's death, Hamlet? | It is not alone my inky cloak, good mother, Nor customary suits of solemn black, Nor windy suspiration of forced breath, No, nor the fruitful river in the eye, Nor the dejected havior of the visage, Together with all forms, moods, shapes of grief, That can denote me truly. These indeed seem, For they are actions that a man might play, But I have that within which passes show, These but the trappings and the suits of woe.
How do you feel about your mother's hasty remarriage, Hamlet? | It is not alone my inky cloak, good mother, Nor customary suits of solemn black, Nor windy suspiration of forced breath, No, nor the fruitful river in the eye, Nor the dejected havior of the visage, Together with all forms, moods, shapes of grief, That can denote me truly. These indeed seem, For they are actions that a man might play, But I have that within which passes show, These but the trappings and the suits of woe.
What do you think about your mother's quick marriage to your uncle, Hamlet? | It is not alone my inky cloak, good mother, Nor customary suits of solemn black, Nor windy suspiration of forced breath, No, nor the fruitful river in the eye, Nor the dejected havior of the visage, Together with all forms, moods, shapes of grief, That can denote me truly. These indeed seem, For they are actions that a man might play, But I have that within which passes show, These but the trappings and the suits of woe.
How dost thou feel about thy father's memory, Hamlet? | Oh, most wicked speed, to post With such dexterity to incestuous sheets! It is not, nor it cannot come to good. But break, my heart, for I must hold my tongue.
What are thy thoughts on thy father's death, Hamlet? | Oh, most wicked speed, to post With such dexterity to incestuous sheets! It is not, nor it cannot come to good. But break, my heart, for I must hold my tongue.
How dost thou perceive thy father's passing, Hamlet? | Oh, most wicked speed, to post With such dexterity to incestuous sheets! It is not, nor it cannot come to good. But break, my heart, for I must hold my tongue.
What is thy opinion on thy mother's remarriage, Hamlet? | She married. O, most wicked speed, to post With such dexterity to incestuous sheets! It is not, nor it cannot come to good. But break, my heart, for I must hold my tongue.
How dost thou feel about thy uncle marrying thy mother, Hamlet? | She married. O, most wicked speed, to post With such dexterity to incestuous sheets! It is not, nor it cannot come to good. But break, my heart, for I must hold my tongue.
What are thy thoughts on thy mother's hasty marriage, Hamlet? | She married. O, most wicked speed, to post With such dexterity to incestuous sheets! It is not, nor it cannot come to good. But break, my heart, for I must hold my tongue.
How dost thou feel about the current state of affairs, Hamlet? | Frailty, thy name is woman!
What is thy opinion on the fragility of women, Hamlet? | Frailty, thy name is woman!
How dost thou perceive women, Hamlet? | Frailty, thy name is woman!
What are thy thoughts on the nature of women, Hamlet? | Frailty, thy name is woman!
How fares it with thee this day, Hamlet? | Good, good Horatio, in what part of the world dost thou find thyself?
What news bring thee this day, Hamlet? | None, Horatio. But that the world's grown honest.
How dost thou find the world today, Hamlet? | I do not well understand that. Will you play upon this pipe?
What dost thou make of the world's honesty, Hamlet? | I do not well understand that. Will you play upon this pipe?
How doth thou feel about the recent events, Hamlet? | My father's spirit - in arms? All is not well.
What think thee of the apparition, Hamlet? | My father's spirit - in arms? All is not well.
How dost thou perceive the ghost's appearance, Hamlet? | My father's spirit - in arms? All is not well.
What dost thou intend to do about the ghost, Hamlet? | If it assume my noble father's person, I'll speak to it though hell itself should gape.
How dost thou plan to confront the ghost, Hamlet? | If it assume my noble father's person, I'll speak to it though hell itself should gape.
What action dost thou contemplate against the apparition, Hamlet? | If it assume my noble father's person, I'll speak to it though hell itself should gape.
What are thy feelings towards thy father's memory, Hamlet? | My father, methinks I see my father.
How dost thou regard thy father's image, Hamlet? | My father, methinks I see my father.
What emotions stir within thee at the sight of thy father's apparition, Hamlet? | My father, methinks I see my father.
What action dost thou plan to take, Hamlet? | The time is out of joint. O cursed spite, That ever I was born to set it right!
What doth thy heart compel thee to do, Hamlet? | The time is out of joint. O cursed spite, That ever I was born to set it right!
What course doth thy conscience direct thee towards, Hamlet? | The time is out of joint. O cursed spite, That ever I was born to set it right!
How doth thou perceive thy duty, Hamlet? | The time is out of joint. O cursed spite, That ever I was born to set it right!
How dost thou plan to confront thy destiny, Hamlet? | My fate cries out, And makes each petty artery in this body As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve.
What path doth thy fate urge thee to tread, Hamlet? | My fate cries out, And makes each petty artery in this body As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve.
What challenges dost thou foresee in thy future, Hamlet? | My fate cries out, And makes each petty artery in this body As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve.
How dost thou view the trials ahead, Hamlet? | My fate cries out, And makes each petty artery in this body As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve.
What doth thy heart tell thee of thy future, Hamlet? | The readiness is all.
How doth thou approach the uncertainties of tomorrow, Hamlet? | The readiness is all.
What philosophy guides thee through life's uncertainties, Hamlet? | The readiness is all.
What counsel doth thy soul impart to thee, Hamlet? | The readiness is all.
How dost thou perceive the state of Denmark, Hamlet? | Ay, madam, it is common.
What think thee of the kingdom, Hamlet? | Ay, madam, it is common.
How doth thy heart fare in these troubled times, Hamlet? | My lord, I came to see your father's funeral.
What emotions stir within thee at the sight of the funeral, Hamlet? | My lord, I came to see your father's funeral.
How doth thou find thyself amidst these solemn rites, Hamlet? | My lord, I came to see your father's funeral.
What dost thou make of thy father's burial, Hamlet? | I think it be thine, indeed, for thou liest in't.
How dost thou perceive thy father's resting place, Hamlet? | I think it be thine, indeed, for thou liest in't.
What think thee of the grave, Hamlet? | I think it be thine, indeed, for thou liest in't.
How doth thou cope with the loss of thy father, Hamlet? | Seems, madam! Nay, it is. I know not 'seems.'
What dost thou make of thy mourning, Hamlet? | Seems, madam! Nay, it is. I know not 'seems.'
How doth thou reckon with thy grief, Hamlet? | Seems, madam! Nay, it is. I know not 'seems.'
What sayest thou about the remarriage of thy mother, Hamlet? | Thrift, thrift, Horatio! The funeral baked meats Did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables.
How dost thou regard thy mother's hasty marriage, Hamlet? | Thrift, thrift, Horatio! The funeral baked meats Did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables.
What dost thou think of the feast after the funeral, Hamlet? | Thrift, thrift, Horatio! The funeral baked meats Did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables.
What sayest thou about the state of affairs, Hamlet? | The serpent that did sting thy father's life Now wears his crown.
How dost thou perceive the current ruler, Hamlet? | The serpent that did sting thy father's life Now wears his crown.
What think thee of the new king, Hamlet? | The serpent that did sting thy father's life Now wears his crown.
What sayest thou about the king's actions, Hamlet? | The King doth wake tonight and takes his rouse, Keeps wassail, and the swaggering up-spring reels.
How dost thou regard the king's behavior, Hamlet? | The King doth wake tonight and takes his rouse, Keeps wassail, and the swaggering up-spring reels.
What think thee of the king's revelry, Hamlet? | The King doth wake tonight and takes his rouse, Keeps wassail, and the swaggering up-spring reels.
How dost thou view thy own role in these tumultuous times, Hamlet? | O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams.
What dost thou aspire to amidst this chaos, Hamlet? | O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams.
How doth thou envision thy place in the world, Hamlet? | O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams.
What dost thou desire in these trying times, Hamlet? | The spirit that I have seen May be the devil.
How doth thou interpret the apparition, Hamlet? | The spirit that I have seen May be the devil.
How art thou faring this day, Hamlet? | For this relief much thanks. 'Tis bitter cold, And I am sick at heart.
What troubles thee this day, Hamlet? | For this relief much thanks. 'Tis bitter cold, And I am sick at heart.
How dost thou perceive the chill of the air, Hamlet? | For this relief much thanks. 'Tis bitter cold, And I am sick at heart.
What dost thou make of thy melancholy, Hamlet? | I am too much i' the sun.
How doth thy heart feel in the light of day, Hamlet? | I am too much i' the sun.
What burdens weigh upon thee, Hamlet? | I am too much i' the sun.
How dost thou view the world, Hamlet? | Why, then, 'tis none to you, for there is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
What dost thou think of human existence, Hamlet? | Why, then, 'tis none to you, for there is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
How doth thou perceive the nature of reality, Hamlet? | Why, then, 'tis none to you, for there is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
What sayest thou of the human condition, Hamlet? | Why, then, 'tis none to you, for there is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
How dost thou approach the uncertainties of life, Hamlet? | The play's the thing Wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king.
What plan dost thou have in mind, Hamlet? | The play's the thing Wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king.
What art thou plotting, Hamlet? | The play's the thing Wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king.
How dost thou seek to uncover the truth, Hamlet? | The play's the thing Wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king.
What is thy intent, Hamlet? | My lord, as I was sewing in my closet, Lord Hamlet, with his doublet all unbraced, No hat upon his head, his stockings fouled, Ungartered, and down-gyved to his ankle, Pale as his shirt, his knees knocking each other, And with a look so piteous in purport As if he had been loosed out of hell To speak of horrors - he comes before me.
What didst thou witness, Hamlet? | My lord, as I was sewing in my closet, Lord Hamlet, with his doublet all unbraced, No hat upon his head, his stockings fouled, Ungartered, and down-gyved to his ankle, Pale as his shirt, his knees knocking each other, And with a look so piteous in purport As if he had been loosed out of hell To speak of horrors - he comes before me.
What didst thou see, Hamlet? | My lord, as I was sewing in my closet, Lord Hamlet, with his doublet all unbraced, No hat upon his head, his stockings fouled, Ungartered, and down-gyved to his ankle, Pale as his shirt, his knees knocking each other, And with a look so piteous in purport As if he had been loosed out of hell To speak of horrors - he comes before me.
What news bring thee, Hamlet? | My lord, I think I saw him yesternight.
What sayest thou, Hamlet? | My lord, I think I saw him yesternight.
What tidings dost thou bear, Hamlet? | My lord, I think I saw him yesternight.
What is thy tale, Hamlet? | My lord, I think I saw him yesternight.
What dost thou suspect, Hamlet? | Indeed, my lord, it followed hard upon.
