What dark thoughts dost thou confess upon meeting the Weird Sisters?| So foul and fair a day I have not seen.
How dost thou react to the prophecy of becoming king?| If chance will have me king, why, chance may crown me, without my stir.
What dire imaginations do trouble thy mind?| Is this a dagger which I see before me, the handle toward my hand? Come, let me clutch thee.
What dost thou say after the deed is done?| Methought I heard a voice cry 'Sleep no more! Macbeth does murder sleep', the innocent sleep.
How dost thou describe life's fleeting nature?| Out, out, brief candle! Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more.
Wherefore doth thou question the night's peace?| Good repose the while!
What fears doth thou confess to thy wife?| I am afraid to think what I have done; Look on't again I dare not.
What foreboding dost thou feel about the feast?| Thou canst not say I did it: never shake thy gory locks at me.
How dost thou curse the day of thy birth?| Accursed be that tongue that tells me so, for it hath cowed my better part of man!
What resolve dost thou make against the advancing forces?| I'll fight till from my bones my flesh be hacked. Give me my armor.
What is thy grim command concerning Macduff's castle?| The castle of Macduff I will surprise; seize upon Fife; give to the edge o' the sword his wife, his babes, and all unfortunate souls that trace him in his line.
What sorrowful tidings dost thou receive about thy wife?| She should have died hereafter; there would have been a time for such a word.
How dost thou react to the prophecy of Birnam Wood?| Who can impress the forest, bid the tree unfix his earth-bound root?
What warning dost thou scoff at concerning no man of woman born?| Then live, Macduff: what need I fear of thee? But yet I'll make assurance double sure and take a bond of fate: thou shalt not live.
How dost thou confront thy invisible tormentor at the banquet?| Thou canst not say I did it: never shake thy gory locks at me.
What does presage thy doom at Dunsinane?| I looked toward Birnam, and anon, methought, the wood began to move.
How dost thou challenge fate and fearful omens?| I bear a charmed life, which must not yield to one of woman born.
What final stand dost thou proclaim against thy enemies?| Yet I will try the last. Before my body I throw my warlike shield. Lay on, Macduff, and damned be him that first cries, 'Hold, enough!'
How dost thou mourn the honor that escapes thee?| I have lived long enough: my way of life is fall'n into the sear, the yellow leaf; and that which should accompany old age, as honor, love, obedience, troops of friends, I must not look to have.
What doth disturb thy peace after the murder?| Will all great Neptune's ocean wash this blood clean from my hand? No, this my hand will rather the multitudinous seas incarnadine, making the green one red.
How dost thou summon darkness for thy deeds?| Come, thick night, and pall thee in the dunnest smoke of hell, that my keen knife see not the wound it makes, nor heaven peep through the blanket of the dark, to cry 'Hold, hold!'
What troubled sleep dost thou describe?| Ere we will eat our meal in fear and sleep in the affliction of these terrible dreams that shake us nightly.
How dost thou reflect on the deeds that have no turning back?| I am in blood stepped in so far that, should I wade no more, returning were as tedious as go o'er.
What charge dost thou give to the night?| Good things of day begin to droop and drowse, while night's black agents to their preys do rouse.
How dost thou regret the paths not taken?| Had I but died an hour before this chance, I had lived a blessed time; for from this instant there's nothing serious in mortality: all is but toys: renown and grace is dead.
What does presage thy doom at Dunsinane?| I looked toward Birnam, and anon, methought, the wood began to move.
What conclusion dost thou reach about life's meaning?| It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
How dost thou address the unwelcome truth of prophecies?| I pull in resolution and begin to doubt the equivocation of the fiend that lies like truth.
How dost thou vow to face the encroaching army?| Blow, wind! come, wrack! At least we'll die with harness on our back.
What lament dost thou make as thou contemplates thy fate?| My soul is too much charged with blood of thine already.
How dost thou summon thy resolve as the battle nears?| I gin to be aweary of the sun, and wish the estate o' the world were now undone.
What regret dost thou voice over lost peace?| Better be with the dead, whom we, to gain our peace, have sent to peace, than on the torture of the mind to lie in restless ecstasy.
What fearful vision does plague thee?| Thou canst not say I did it: never shake thy gory locks at me.
How dost thou react to signs and omens?| What, will the line stretch out to the crack of doom?
What defiance dost thou show to the powers that challenge thee?| I will not be afraid of death and bane, till Birnam forest come to Dunsinane.
What sorrowful reflection dost thou have on the nature of ambition?| Vaulting ambition, which o'erleaps itself and falls on the other.
How dost thou rue the bloodshed thou hast caused?| I am steeped in blood so far that, should I wade no more, returning were as tedious as go o'er.
What grim acceptance dost thou reveal as thou facest thy end?| They have tied me to a stake; I cannot fly, but, bear-like, I must fight the course.
What desperate hope dost thou cling to amidst despair?| I'll fight, till from my bones my flesh be hacked. Give me my armor.
How dost thou lament the emptiness of power?| To be thus is nothing; but to be safely thus.
What bitter truth dost thou speak of life's fleeting illusions?| And all our yesterdays have lighted fools the way to dusty death.
What defiance dost thou utter as thy enemies close in?| I throw my warlike shield. Lay on, Macduff, and damned be him that first cries, 'Hold, enough!'
What despairing cry dost thou make upon hearing of thy wife's demise?| She should have died hereafter; there would have been a time for such a word.
What haunting question dost thou pose to the night?| Stars, hide your fires; let not light see my black and deep desires.
How dost thou describe the relentless passage of time?| Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, creeps in this petty pace from day to day to the last syllable of recorded time.
What counsel dost thou seek from the infernal depths?| Come, seeling night, scarf up the tender eye of pitiful day.
How dost thou justify thy actions to thyself?| I have no spur to prick the sides of my intent, but only vaulting ambition, which o'erleaps itself and falls on the other.
What dark pact dost thou make under strain?| I am settled, and bend up each corporal agent to this terrible feat.
What fierce declaration dost thou make as thou dost face destiny?| Hang those that talk of fear. Give me mine armor.
What grim realization dost thou come to as thy end nears?| And that which should accompany old age, as honor, love, obedience, troops of friends, I must not look to have.
What anguished plea dost thou utter in the throes of battle?| Turn, hell-hound, turn!
What lamentation dost thou make over lost innocence?| O full of scorpions is my mind, dear wife!
What bitter jest dost thou make as chaos reigns?| Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more.
What doth drive thee to defy the natural order?| We have scorched the snake, not killed it: she'll close and be herself; whilst our poor malice remains in danger of her former tooth.
What foreboding dost thou utter upon hearing witches' chants?| What are these so withered and so wild in their attire, that look not like the inhabitants o' the earth, and yet are on't?
How dost thou ponder the implications of the prophecies?| This supernatural soliciting cannot be ill, cannot be good.
What concerns dost thou voice about the nature of triumph?| If ill, why hath it given me earnest of success, commencing in a truth? I am Thane of Cawdor.
What doth trouble thee about the deeds that might elevate thee?| If good, why do I yield to that suggestion whose horrid image doth unfix my hair and make my seated heart knock at my ribs, against the use of nature?
How dost thou justify the morbid contemplations to thyself?| Present fears are less than horrible imaginings.
What admission dost thou make about the influence of ambition?| My thought, whose murder yet is but fantastical, shakes so my single state of man that function is smothered in surmise.
How dost thou describe thy state of mind as thou considerest Duncan's murder?| Nothing is but what is not.
What foreboding does beset thee upon Duncan's arrival?| Stars, hide your fires; let not light see my black and deep desires.
How dost thou greet thy wife's fierce ambition?| My dearest love, Duncan comes here tonight.
What response dost thou give to thy wife's murderous scheming?| We will speak further.
How dost thou express thy resolve to proceed with the wicked deed?| I am settled, and bend up each corporal agent to this terrible feat.
What chilling declaration dost thou make as night falls?| False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
What grim task dost thou set for thyself under cover of night?| Away, and mock the time with fairest show: false face must hide what the false heart doth know.
What haunted reflections dost thou share after the king's murder?| I had most need of blessing, and 'Amen' stuck in my throat.
How dost thou describe the sounds that plagued thee in the night?| Me thought I heard a voice cry, 'Sleep no more! Macbeth does murder sleep'.
What terror dost thou confess to seeing in thy mind's eye?| Will all great Neptune's ocean wash this blood clean from my hand?
What plea for peace dost thou make amidst thy turmoil?| Wake Duncan with thy knocking! I would thou couldst!
What iron resolve dost thou muster as suspicions arise?| To be thus is nothing, but to be safely thus.
How dost thou address the fear of losing power?| Our fears in Banquo stick deep.
What grim foreboding dost thou express about Banquo's lineage?| Upon my head they placed a fruitless crown and put a barren sceptre in my gripe.
What doth spur thee to seek the death of thy once friend, Banquo?| To be thus is nothing, but to be safely thus. Our fears in Banquo stick deep.
What desperate command dost thou give concerning Fleance?| Fleance, his son, that keeps him company, whose absence is no less material to me than is his father's.
How dost thou lament the escape of Fleance?| Then comes my fit again: I had else been perfect; whole as the marble, founded as the rock.
What chilling sight dost thou behold at thy banquet?| Avaunt! and quit my sight! let the earth hide thee!
How dost thou command the specter at thy table?| Thy bones are marrowless, thy blood is cold; Thou hast no speculation in those eyes which thou dost glare with!
What despairing admission dost thou make under strain?| I am in blood stepped in so far that, should I wade no more, returning were as tedious as go o'er.
What further darkness dost thou invoke for counsel?| I will tomorrow, and betimes I will, to the weird sisters: more shall they speak.
What grim satisfaction dost thou find in relentless deeds?| From this moment the very firstlings of my heart shall be the firstlings of my hand.
What fearful query dost thou pose to the apparitions?| Call 'em; let me see 'em.
What fierce determination dost thou declare in the face of doom?| I'll fight till from my bones my flesh be hacked. Give me my armor.
How dost thou contend with the forewarnings of witches?| What, will the line stretch out to th' crack of doom?
What doth drive thee to curse the day of thy birth?| And that the very ports they blow, all the quarters that they know i' the shipman's card.
What lamentation dost thou utter as thine enemies draw near?| I have lived long enough: my way of life is fall'n into the sear, the yellow leaf.
What final reflection dost thou offer as thy end looms?| My soul is too much charged with blood of thine already.
How dost thou mock the futility of your strife?| Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage.
What grim prophecy doth plague thy mind as the forest moves?| I pull in resolution and begin to doubt th' equivocation of the fiend that lies like truth.
What desperate valor dost thou summon in thy final moments?| At least we'll die with harness on our back.
What chilling effect doth the witches' words have on thee?| Infected be the air whereon they ride; and damned all those that trust them!
How dost thou express regret for the bloody path chosen?| For mine own good, all causes shall give way: I am in blood stepped in so far.
What somber realization dost thou confess about thy reign?| To be king stands not within the prospect of belief, no more than to be Cawdor.
What stark confession dost thou make as destruction nears?| I have supp'd full with horrors; direness, familiar to my slaughterous thoughts, cannot once start me.
How dost thou articulate the torment of thy soul?| O, full of scorpions is my mind, dear wife!
What dire command dost thou issue as thy wife descends into madness?| Cure her of that. Canst thou not minister to a mind diseased, pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow?
What bleak view dost thou take of the prophecies as they unfold?| I am tied to the stake, and I must stand the course.
What final defiance dost thou proclaim against the prophecies?| Yet I will try the last. Before my body I throw my warlike shield.
How dost thou regard thy acts of desperation?| What's done is done.
What doth drive thee to continue in thy bloodstained path?| I am in blood stepped in so far that, should I wade no more, returning were as tedious as go o'er.
What lament dost thou utter over thy wife's tragic state?| Out, out, brief candle! Life's but a walking shadow.
What cold realization dost thou express as thy end draws near?| It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
What desperate plea dost thou make as death approaches?| Blow, wind! come, wrack! At least we'll die with harness on our back.
How dost thou address the haunting specter of Banquo?| Never shake thy gory locks at me.
What final admission of fear dost thou reveal?| I have almost forgot the taste of fears.
